README.md, before:

# headsetsGoodbye
Develop WebVR apps with nothing but a camera. Made w/ love and Google MediaPipe.

## Sample Apps
Below is a list of mini-projects that the team built as we built out the features of the website. They are mainly off the tutorials on the [Three.js Fundamentals website](https://threejsfundamentals.org/threejs/lessons/threejs-fundamentals.html), and served as stepping stones as we built the project:

1. "Barnyard Race" - [interactive animations](https://zainraza.me/headsetsGoodbye/threejsTutorials/HelloAnimations/)
2. "Cube Me" - [experimenting with cube textures](https://zainraza.me/headsetsGoodbye/threejsTutorials/HelloPrimitives/)
3. "Pipe Time" - [interactive object picking](https://zainraza.me/headsetsGoodbye/threejsTutorials/HelloCube/)
4. "Inside the Cube" - [face tracking with Handsfree.js](https://zainraza.me/headsetsGoodbye/handsfreeDemos/lookAround/index.html), based on the demo [here](https://handsfree.js.org/example/aframe/look-around-handsfree.html#adding-tweening) by [Oz Ramos](https://github.com/MIDIBlocks).

## Credits
Much credit to [Oz Ramos](https://twitter.com/midiblocks), the creator of [Handsfree.js](https://handsfree.js.org/), since your work has also played a great role in this project!

The Farm Animals Pack used in [HelloAnimations](https://github.com/UPstartDeveloper/headsetsGoodbye/tree/main/threejsTutorials/HelloAnimations) was created by Quaternius: https://www.patreon.com/quaternius

Commit message:

Add link for "Cube Space" sample app

README.md, after:

# headsetsGoodbye
Develop WebVR apps with nothing but a camera. Made w/ love and Google MediaPipe.

## Sample Apps
Below is a list of mini-projects that the team built as we built out the features of the website. They are mainly off the tutorials on the [Three.js Fundamentals website](https://threejsfundamentals.org/threejs/lessons/threejs-fundamentals.html), and served as stepping stones as we built the project:

1. "Barnyard Race" - [interactive animations](https://zainraza.me/headsetsGoodbye/threejsTutorials/HelloAnimations/)
2. "Cube Me" - [experimenting with cube textures](https://zainraza.me/headsetsGoodbye/threejsTutorials/HelloPrimitives/)
3. "Pipe Time" - [interactive object picking](https://zainraza.me/headsetsGoodbye/threejsTutorials/HelloCube/)
4. "Inside the Cube" - [face tracking with Handsfree.js and AFrame](https://zainraza.me/headsetsGoodbye/handsfreeDemos/lookAround/index.html), based on the demo [here](https://handsfree.js.org/example/aframe/look-around-handsfree.html#adding-tweening) by [Oz Ramos](https://github.com/MIDIBlocks).
5. "Cube Space" - [face tracking with Handsfree.js and Three.js](https://zainraza.me/headsetsGoodbye/handsfreeDemos/faceAndHands/index.html)

## Credits
Much credit to [Oz Ramos](https://twitter.com/midiblocks), the creator of [Handsfree.js](https://handsfree.js.org/), since your work has also played a great role in this project!

The Farm Animals Pack used in [HelloAnimations](https://github.com/UPstartDeveloper/headsetsGoodbye/tree/main/threejsTutorials/HelloAnimations) was created by Quaternius: https://www.patreon.com/quaternius
